# Sequential Programs
  - Before a new task starts, the previous one must finish.
  - The total time is the sum of all the tasks.

# Concurrent Programs
  - Multiple tasks can be executed independently and may appear simultaneous.
  - Each search is split into small chunks, and those chunks alternate executions.
  - The total time is still the sum of all the tasks.

# Parallel Programs
  - Multiple tasks can be executed simultaneously (requires multi-core machines)
  - Everything is executed at the same time.
  - The total time is how long it takes to load the slowest task.

Go's concurrency model and goroutines make it simple to build parallel programs that take advantage of machines with multiple processors (most machines today)

# goroutines
  A goroutine is a special function that executes concurrently with other functions. We create them with the go keyword

  * Sequential code:
  ```
    f()
    g()
  ```
    f() must finish before g() starts

  * Concurrent code:
  ```
    go f()
    g()
  ```
    f() and (g) load concurrently.
    - Note! On a single-core machine, concurrent code is unlikely to perform better than sequential code.


  ```
  func main() {
    var wg sync.WaitGroup
    ...
    for _, name := range names {
      go printName(name, &wg)
    }
    wg.Wait()
  }

  func printName(n string, wg *sync.WaitGroup) {
    ...
    wg.Done()
  }
  ```

# Multiple CPUs - Parallel and Synchronized
  The Go runtime defaults to using all processors available. Most machines today have more than one procesor and our concurrent Go code can run in parallel with no changes.
